hello and welcome everyone all right I'm
gonna try to make this quick as possible
I say that I know but anyway all right
what I got is a Hewlett Packard nice
computer which even the light lights up
right there which is pretty cool
okay it's got the one and 15 or 15 and
one card reader as you can see there
it's even got a wireless and right here
is where your hard drive kind of flashes
right there which is cool it's got two
USB ports up on top here down here on
this ol open port you got your
headphones your microphone you got
another USB port here this is the model
HPE - one one - why it is a 64-bit
operating system running Windows 7 when
this experience at 4.2 might be hard to
see 8 gigabytes of memory quad core to
2.8 gigahertz alright and another thing
I like about it as your regular DVD
drive with LightScribe in there
and right below that it's got a blu-ray
player I'll write it in alright anyway
we go down here or excuse me and in the
back it's got two USB ports on the very
bottom here one two optical audio out
this where the DVI goes which they just
have a cover over it a VGA that's
internal video cards here I took that
one off because I was thinking about
hooking another making dual monitors
right here get four more USB ports so
there's one two and right above I got
the mouse and keyboard on it that's four
that's four six then in the front seven
eight nine USB ports right here is your
1394 firewire hookup right there really
cool option oh you
or for your speakers and stuff right
here here's the other video card really
nice features got a DVI VGA and HDMI
very nice and that's about in on that so
yeah quad-core nice little computer even
got a keyboard with it which I like the
keys pretty cool
very nice the mouse yeah very nice I
think it was about four years old
something like that yep there's my
monitor oh and I got a full set of
speakers that came with it and of course
the wireless in 300 USB adapter which it
came with this wireless router as you
can see right here let's go ahead and
turn it around so you can see it a
little more there you go
you hook up for computers to it USB here
and then the guy forgot to give me the
power cord to it but that's that ain't
no big deal anyway here's your two
antennas there's one then there's your
other one sitting right here comes with
that you hook them here one over here
nice little a modem bill here pretty
sleek very nice but anyway you can come
with the driver the desk driver so yeah
I just want to do a short little video
on the computer I just got nice a
computer nice setup
put in the bad price please leave your
comments like share whatever and I guess
that's about it on that and as you can
see the windows experience was at 4.2 so
yeah 512 megabyte video card area or
something like that
aries ATI but anyway thank you for
watching and have a great day bye buddy